When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work local?
if you were on a different computer other than your usual one it would be a nice way to use the files from another location.
Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?
there might be a file created by another user that you don't want or maybe some changes you were working on that you decided later you didn't actually want, and if it auto updated it would mess up your remote repository.
Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches. When would you use one instead of another?
forks allow you to take someone elses project and make changes in your own profile without changing the original, and also gives them credit. A clone is a direct copy of a project that you can upload back to change the original project if the creator allows it. A branch is when a line of a project splits off and is adjusted for things like feature testing or debugging, so that you dont accidentally make changes to or ruin an entire project on accident.
What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote stored locally?
it lets you have an "original" copy of the file in case somewhere were to update the github and you didnt like the changes, you could still have the older version to look back at.
How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub? What would be easier, and what would be harder?
without github I would probably have to use another form of version control like google docs or something but those seem a more simple and lacking than the features offered here. 
When would you want to make changes in a separate branch rather than directly in master? What benefits does each approach have?
if you have experimental changes that you aren't sure should be in the master branch just yet you can make a seperate one to test out the changes. the benefits would be not losing or messing up the working master branch, this does take a little more work and extra steps, but in the long run can save a lot of time.
